I'm gonna do a tutorial on your hair
your hair like this it's not that hard
to get in the back effects natural you
really don't change a thing but it has
to be a little wavy I did not get to the
straightening part in my hair which I am
going to start up now put cleanup over
here put those there now you're going to
start I want to take this up is gonna be
like this take out
brush it out
take a ping that stuck in my hair
somewhere I'm going to pull it back
the thing is you don't let it all soak a
little water don't white all just sit in
the water this tight push the foot
you know take headband brush it back
just a little bit not so much take your
brush fix the back of it plug this in
walk stride a little bit let's get to
the good part now we take this push your
breath away bring it up and back up and
back and then what you're going to do
trying to pinch it pinch all the part
that you brushed gonna the brush take
this part
take it out then I'm going to drive it a
little bit back in wait till it
dries no no I just forgot wanted take it
you're going to do this for a little bit
why would you do that straight in front
okay now I'm going to turn it off wrap
it up okay right so let's straighten a
little bit you're done you need comb you
can take it brush it back my comb down
take your brush going back brush it out
take the comb
brush it and then put this on
you need this to curl it
it looks like this you know bring it
back more gonna have this my brush it
out end up like this push down here on
the flat part bring this over then do
the same thing on the other side you
bring it over this one make drop here or
something better then take your hand
trap stick clip and then put it on like
that mega set yourself it will get
easier and easier watch do it